It starts on the field. Whether it's soccer, football, or basketball,
the one thing you can be sure of is that eventually a player will end
up hurt. Unlike professional leagues, high school sports suffer from a
defecit of doctors on the field and ready in the event of
injury. BlockMRS, our solution to this problem. improves medical
outcomes through an innovative recording, storage, and sharing system
backed by today's latest technologies.

The coach of the team can pull out his smartphone and open his
BlockMRS app. With a few easy taps the coach can easily record
detailed symptons and recieve a recommendation on what action to take,
whether it's to pull the player out of the game or call an ambulance.

These records are then easily transfered to the desired medical
practition through our innovative, secure blockchain-based records
system to keep everyone who needs to know in the loop.

Our *InterPlanetary File System (IPFS)* based storage backend makes
use of the latest technology to create a secure, private, and
decetralized system to storing and sharing medical data. Each update
to a user's medical history is encrypted with a new randomly generated
public key and upload to the IPFS network. Then, through our
blockchain-based key sharing system, the user and delegate exactly who
should have acces to this data, whether it's their general
practicioner, the hospital, or a loved one.

BlockMRS provides an enticing proposition for insurance providors and
individuals alike. BlockMRS brings a strong oppotunity for innovation
and competition in the insurance market for providors, from
integrating BlockMRS in their existing systems to using BlockMRS to
improve their customers experience and satifcation through new
implementations, from mobile apps to bluetooth beacons.

For the individual, BlockMRS provides a well needed upgrade to our
medical records system with regards to privacy and control over one's
data. From only sharing the information needed and that your are
comfortable with, BlockMRS enables the user to retake control of their
data. BlockMRS improves the medical experience for the comsumers, with
less forms to fill out, improved outcomes, and more time spent
focusing on your health.
